Update taint-and-toleration.md  with types of taint effects (#42315)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration.md

{{< /note >}}

The above example used `effect` of `NoSchedule`. Alternatively, you can use `effect` of `PreferNoSchedule`.

> There are three types of taint `effects` 

Reviewer: Textual suggestion.
```suggestion
Allowed values for taint `effects` are:
```

* `NoExecute`: This affects pods that are already
running on the node as follows
    * pods that do not tolerate the taint are evicted immediately
    * pods that tolerate the taint without specifying `tolerationSeconds` in
   their toleration specification remain bound forever
    * pods that tolerate the taint with a specified `tolerationSeconds` remain
   bound for the specified amount of time

>     * `NoSchedule`: No new pods will be scheduled on the node unless they have the matching toleration. Pods that are currently running on the node are not evicted.

Reviewer: Was this meant to be in the same level as `NoExecute` and `PreferNoSchedule`?

```suggestion
* `NoSchedule`: No new pods will be scheduled on the node unless they have the matching toleration. Pods that are currently running on the node are not evicted.
```

* `PreferNoSchedule`: This is a "preference" or "soft" version of `NoSchedule`. The system will *try* to avoid placing a

> pod that does not tolerate the taint on the node, but it is not required. 

Reviewer: Formatting suggestion: this list might look better as a [definition list](https://www.javatpoint.com/definition-lists-in-markdown).

Author: Is there a native way in markdown to format it that way, I tried using the : and space and it didn't seem to work

{{< /note >}}

The above example used `effect` of `NoSchedule`. Alternatively, you can use `effect` of `PreferNoSchedule`.

> Allowed values for taint `effects` are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The allowed values for the `effect` field are:
```

`NoExecute`
: This affects pods that are already running on the node as follows
    * pods that do not tolerate the taint are evicted immediately
    * pods that tolerate the taint without specifying `tolerationSeconds` in
   their toleration specification remain bound forever
    * pods that tolerate the taint with a specified `tolerationSeconds` remain

>    bound for the specified amount of time

Reviewer 2: (optional tweak)
```suggestion
  * pods that tolerate the taint with a specified `tolerationSeconds` remain
   bound for the specified amount of time. After that time elapses, the node
   lifecycle controller (within the control plane) evicts the Pod from the node.
```

   
`NoSchedule`

> : No new pods will be scheduled on the node unless they have the matching toleration. Pods that are currently running on the node are not evicted.

Reviewer 2: (optional tweak)
```suggestion
: No new pods with this will be scheduled on the tainted node unless they have the matching toleration. Pods that are currently running on the node are **not** evicted.
```

`PreferNoSchedule`

> : This is a "preference" or "soft" version of `NoSchedule`. The system will *try* to avoid placing a

Reviewer 2: (optional tweak)
```suggestion
: `PreferNoSchedule` is a "preference" or "soft" version of `NoSchedule`. The control plane will *try* to avoid placing a
```

{{< /note >}}

The above example used `effect` of `NoSchedule`. Alternatively, you can use `effect` of `PreferNoSchedule`.

The allowed values for the `effect` field are:

`NoExecute`

> : This affects pods that are already running on the node as follows
>     * pods that do not tolerate the taint are evicted immediately
>     * pods that tolerate the taint without specifying `tolerationSeconds` in
>    their toleration specification remain bound forever
>     * pods that tolerate the taint with a specified `tolerationSeconds` remain
>   * pods that tolerate the taint with a specified `tolerationSeconds` remain
>    bound for the specified amount of time. After that time elapses, the node
>    lifecycle controller (within the control plane) evicts the Pod from the node.

Reviewer 3: Please pay attention to the indentations. YAML is pretty sensitive on them.

```suggestion
: This affects pods that are already running on the node as follows:
  * Pods that do not tolerate the taint are evicted immediately
  * Pods that tolerate the taint without specifying `tolerationSeconds` in
    their toleration specification remain bound forever
  * Pods that tolerate the taint with a specified `tolerationSeconds` remain
    bound for the specified amount of time. After that time elapses, the node
    lifecycle controller evicts the Pods from the node.
```

> `NoSchedule`
> : No new pods with this will be scheduled on the tainted node unless they have the matching toleration. Pods that are currently running on the node are **not** evicted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`NoSchedule`
: No new Pods will be scheduled on the tainted node unless they have a matching
  toleration. Pods currently running on the node are **not** evicted.
```

: This is a "preference" or "soft" version of `NoSchedule`. The system will *try* to avoid placing a
pod that does not tolerate the taint on the node, but it is not required. 

> All the taint effects are enforced by Kubernetes scheduler except for `NoExecute` which is enforced by NodeController.

Reviewer 2: Is this right?
```suggestion
All the taint effects are enforced by the Kubernetes scheduler except for `NoExecute` which is
enforced by the kubelet.
```
It might actually be the kube-controller-manager (I haven't checked).

Author: I am not sure too, this is from the[ code ](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/2c6c4566eff972d6c1320b5f8ad795f88c822d09/pkg/apis/core/types.go#L2992). Happy to remove it altogether

Reviewer 2: Lets leave this paragraph out for now, that's the simple option.

Reviewer 2: It was the node lifecycle controller within the kube-controller-manager

> : `PreferNoSchedule` is a "preference" or "soft" version of `NoSchedule`. The control plane will *try* to avoid placing a
> pod that does not tolerate the taint on the node, but it is not required. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
: `PreferNoSchedule` is a "preference" or "soft" version of `NoSchedule`.
  The control plane will *try* to avoid placing a Pod that does not tolerate
  the taint on the node, but it is not guaranteed. 
```

    this node, the kubelet removes this taint.

In case a node is to be drained, the node controller or the kubelet adds relevant taints

> with `NoExecute` effect. This effect added by default for the  `node.kubernetes.io/not-ready` and `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable` taint.  If the fault condition returns to normal the kubelet or node

Reviewer 4: This effect added -> This effect *is* added
taint -> taints

    this node, the kubelet removes this taint.

In case a node is to be drained, the node controller or the kubelet adds relevant taints

> with `NoExecute` effect. This effect is added by default for the  `node.kubernetes.io/not-ready` and `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable` taints. If the fault condition returns to normal the kubelet or node

Reviewer 3: Please wrap these long lines manually.

```suggestion
with `NoExecute` effect. This effect is added by default for the
`node.kubernetes.io/not-ready` and `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable` taints.
If the fault condition returns to normal, the kubelet or node
```
